cohort-1/CURRICULUM.md, before:



**Linux Meetup Organization**

Cohort One Course Syllabus

--- 
Meetup 1: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Shell Scripting Part One

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable with basic terminal tools
- To get members introduced to bash syntax

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 2: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - Chapter 2: Linux 101 Hacks
  - [Basics of the command line](https://yakking.branchable.com/posts/command-line-basics/)
  - [Basic Shell Tools](https://yakking.branchable.com/posts/basic-shell-tools/)
  - [Shell Scripting Tutorial](https://www.shellscript.sh/)
  - [Bash Scripting Tutorial for Beginners](https://linuxconfig.org/bash-scripting-tutorial-for-beginners)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Beginner&#39;s Guide to the Bash Terminal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxuRxtrO2Ag)
  - [Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLS1QulWo1RIYmaxcEqw5JhK3b-6rgdWO_)
  - [Shell Scripting Crash Course -- Beginner Level](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-F3YLd6oMw)
  - [A Beginner&#39;s Introduction to BASH Shell Scripting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n5ZegzieSQ)

---
Meetup 2: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Introduction to APT

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable with installing, updating and removing packages.
- To get members to become comfortable with troubleshooting package management errors.

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 13: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [Using apt Commands in Linux [Complete Guide]](https://itsfoss.com/apt-command-guide/)
  - [Apt Package Management Tool](https://linuxhint.com/primer_apt_package_management_tool/)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [The APT Package Manager in Debian and Ubuntu](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X20QCZlOhzM)
  - [7 Apt Commands Every Ubuntu Linux User Should Know](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECWKViCaI_A)
  - [Linux Terminal 201: Apt vs Apt-Get - HakTip 151](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jNcjdQxEV8)

---
Meetup 3: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Shell Scripting Part Two

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable with basic terminal tools
- To get members introduced to bash syntax

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 2: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [Basics of the command line](https://yakking.branchable.com/posts/command-line-basics/)
  - [Basic Shell Tools](https://yakking.branchable.com/posts/basic-shell-tools/)
  - [Shell Scripting Tutorial](https://www.shellscript.sh/)
  - [Bash Scripting Tutorial for Beginners](https://linuxconfig.org/bash-scripting-tutorial-for-beginners)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Beginner&#39;s Guide to the Bash Terminal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxuRxtrO2Ag)
  - [Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLS1QulWo1RIYmaxcEqw5JhK3b-6rgdWO_)
  - [Shell Scripting Crash Course -- Beginner Level](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-F3YLd6oMw)
  - [A Beginner&#39;s Introduction to BASH Shell Scripting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n5ZegzieSQ)
---
Meetup 4: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- An Introduction to The Linux Filesystem

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable with creating and manipulating files
- To provide base knowledge for members who intend going deeper into Linux Systems Administration

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 6: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [The Linux Filesystem Explained](https://www.linux.com/tutorials/linux-filesystem-explained/)
  - [An introduction to Linux filesystems](https://opensource.com/life/16/10/introduction-linux-filesystems)
  - [Everything is a File](https://opensource.com/life/15/9/everything-is-a-file)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Learning the Linux File System](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIXzJ3Rz9po&amp;t=1s)
  - [Linux File System/Structure Explained!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbgzrKJvDRw)
  - [The Linux File System...for humans](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFIoRLqhFpo)
---
Meetup 5: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- User Management on Linux -- Part One

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment
- Ability to use shell commands

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable with user and group management

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 4 and 7: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [Basic Linux Navigation and File Management](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/basic-linux-navigation-and-file-management)
  - [An Introduction to Linux Permissions](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-linux-permissions)
  - [Managing Users &amp; Groups, File Permissions &amp; Attributes and Enabling sudo Access on Accounts](https://www.tecmint.com/manage-users-and-groups-in-linux/)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Linux Sysadmin Basics -- User Account Management](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN1QB5BIvps)
  - [Linux Sysadmin Basics -- Linux File Permissions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SkN7UofOww)
  - [Users, Groups and Permissions in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRw0SKaXSfI)
  - [Managing Users, Groups &amp; Permissions in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm5iT-sAr3A)
---
Meetup 6: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- User Management on Linux -- Part Two

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment
- Ability to use shell commands

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable Linux file permissions

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 4 and 7: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [Basic Linux Navigation and File Management](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/basic-linux-navigation-and-file-management)
  - [An Introduction to Linux Permissions](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-linux-permissions)
  - [Managing Users &amp; Groups, File Permissions &amp; Attributes and Enabling sudo Access on Accounts](https://www.tecmint.com/manage-users-and-groups-in-linux/)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Linux Sysadmin Basics -- User Account Management](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN1QB5BIvps)
  - [Linux Sysadmin Basics -- Linux File Permissions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SkN7UofOww)
  - [Users, Groups and Permissions in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRw0SKaXSfI)
  - [Managing Users, Groups &amp; Permissions in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm5iT-sAr3A)
---
Meetup 7: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Introduction to Linux Processes -- Part One

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment
- Ability to use shell commands

Course Objectives

- To help members understand linux processes and how to manage them

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 5: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [All You Need To Know About Processes in Linux](https://www.tecmint.com/linux-process-management/)
  - [Linux Process Management: Commands You Should Know](https://www.hostingadvice.com/blog/linux-process-management-commands-know/)
  - [Introduction to Linux Process Management](https://www.2000trainers.com/linux/linux-process-manage/)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Linux processes, init, fork/exec, ps, kill, fg, bg, jobs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJzltwv7jJs)
  - [Linux Process Management](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6IQ3nFZzWfp7tS-zcSw8mt04ROk0qLFN)
  - [Process Management in LINUX | Monitoring and Controlling Processes | Explained with Examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqv4xk6ihRE)
---
Meetup 8: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Introduction to Linux Processes -- Part Two

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment
- Ability to use shell commands

Course Objectives

- To help members understand linux processes and how to manage them

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 5: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [All You Need To Know About Processes in Linux](https://www.tecmint.com/linux-process-management/)
  - [Linux Process Management: Commands You Should Know](https://www.hostingadvice.com/blog/linux-process-management-commands-know/)
  - [Introduction to Linux Process Management](https://www.2000trainers.com/linux/linux-process-manage/)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Linux processes, init, fork/exec, ps, kill, fg, bg, jobs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJzltwv7jJs)
  - [Linux Process Management](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6IQ3nFZzWfp7tS-zcSw8mt04ROk0qLFN)
  - [Process Management in LINUX | Monitoring and Controlling Processes | Explained with Examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqv4xk6ihRE)
---
Meetup 9: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Learning VIM Basics

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment

Course Objectives

- To help members get comfortable with using text editors in GUI-less environments

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - [Vim 101: A Beginner&#39;s Guide to Vim](https://www.linux.com/tutorials/vim-101-beginners-guide-vim/)
  - [Basic Vim Commands Every Linux User Must Know](https://linuxhandbook.com/basic-vim-commands/)
  - [Getting started with Vim: The basics](https://opensource.com/article/19/3/getting-started-vim)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Vim for Editing Files in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImK_dHPOTIE)
  - [Vim Editor Fundamentals](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XguBRi4TDNc)
  - [Intro to VIM / VI Editor with Basic Commands](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Shf_LRTNGh4)

Commit message:

Modified Package Management Section
Updated the title to be more inclusive. Added entries for RPM and Yum. Added links to resources.

cohort-1/CURRICULUM.md, after:



**Linux Meetup Organization**

Cohort One Course Syllabus

--- 
Meetup 1: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Shell Scripting Part One

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable with basic terminal tools
- To get members introduced to bash syntax

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 2: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - Chapter 2: Linux 101 Hacks
  - [Basics of the command line](https://yakking.branchable.com/posts/command-line-basics/)
  - [Basic Shell Tools](https://yakking.branchable.com/posts/basic-shell-tools/)
  - [Shell Scripting Tutorial](https://www.shellscript.sh/)
  - [Bash Scripting Tutorial for Beginners](https://linuxconfig.org/bash-scripting-tutorial-for-beginners)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Beginner&#39;s Guide to the Bash Terminal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxuRxtrO2Ag)
  - [Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLS1QulWo1RIYmaxcEqw5JhK3b-6rgdWO_)
  - [Shell Scripting Crash Course -- Beginner Level](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-F3YLd6oMw)
  - [A Beginner&#39;s Introduction to BASH Shell Scripting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n5ZegzieSQ)

---
Meetup 2: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Introduction to Linux Package Management

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable with installing, upgrading, configuring and removing packages.
- To get members to become comfortable with troubleshooting package management errors.

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 13: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [Using apt Commands in Linux [Complete Guide]](https://itsfoss.com/apt-command-guide/)
  - [Apt Package Management Tool](https://linuxhint.com/primer_apt_package_management_tool/)
  - [Using Yum and RPM.](https://developer.ibm.com/technologies/linux/tutorials/l-lpic1-102-5/)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [The APT Package Manager in Debian and Ubuntu](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X20QCZlOhzM)
  - [7 Apt Commands Every Ubuntu Linux User Should Know](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECWKViCaI_A)
  - [Linux Terminal 201: Apt vs Apt-Get - HakTip 151](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jNcjdQxEV8)
  - [Using YUM Package Manager.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dA_P2Qy_FyA)

---
Meetup 3: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Shell Scripting Part Two

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable with basic terminal tools
- To get members introduced to bash syntax

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 2: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [Basics of the command line](https://yakking.branchable.com/posts/command-line-basics/)
  - [Basic Shell Tools](https://yakking.branchable.com/posts/basic-shell-tools/)
  - [Shell Scripting Tutorial](https://www.shellscript.sh/)
  - [Bash Scripting Tutorial for Beginners](https://linuxconfig.org/bash-scripting-tutorial-for-beginners)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Beginner&#39;s Guide to the Bash Terminal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxuRxtrO2Ag)
  - [Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLS1QulWo1RIYmaxcEqw5JhK3b-6rgdWO_)
  - [Shell Scripting Crash Course -- Beginner Level](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-F3YLd6oMw)
  - [A Beginner&#39;s Introduction to BASH Shell Scripting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n5ZegzieSQ)
---
Meetup 4: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- An Introduction to The Linux Filesystem

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable with creating and manipulating files
- To provide base knowledge for members who intend going deeper into Linux Systems Administration

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 6: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [The Linux Filesystem Explained](https://www.linux.com/tutorials/linux-filesystem-explained/)
  - [An introduction to Linux filesystems](https://opensource.com/life/16/10/introduction-linux-filesystems)
  - [Everything is a File](https://opensource.com/life/15/9/everything-is-a-file)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Learning the Linux File System](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIXzJ3Rz9po&amp;t=1s)
  - [Linux File System/Structure Explained!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbgzrKJvDRw)
  - [The Linux File System...for humans](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFIoRLqhFpo)
---
Meetup 5: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- User Management on Linux -- Part One

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment
- Ability to use shell commands

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable with user and group management

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 4 and 7: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [Basic Linux Navigation and File Management](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/basic-linux-navigation-and-file-management)
  - [An Introduction to Linux Permissions](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-linux-permissions)
  - [Managing Users &amp; Groups, File Permissions &amp; Attributes and Enabling sudo Access on Accounts](https://www.tecmint.com/manage-users-and-groups-in-linux/)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Linux Sysadmin Basics -- User Account Management](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN1QB5BIvps)
  - [Linux Sysadmin Basics -- Linux File Permissions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SkN7UofOww)
  - [Users, Groups and Permissions in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRw0SKaXSfI)
  - [Managing Users, Groups &amp; Permissions in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm5iT-sAr3A)
---
Meetup 6: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- User Management on Linux -- Part Two

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment
- Ability to use shell commands

Course Objectives

- To get members comfortable Linux file permissions

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 4 and 7: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [Basic Linux Navigation and File Management](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/basic-linux-navigation-and-file-management)
  - [An Introduction to Linux Permissions](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-linux-permissions)
  - [Managing Users &amp; Groups, File Permissions &amp; Attributes and Enabling sudo Access on Accounts](https://www.tecmint.com/manage-users-and-groups-in-linux/)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Linux Sysadmin Basics -- User Account Management](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN1QB5BIvps)
  - [Linux Sysadmin Basics -- Linux File Permissions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SkN7UofOww)
  - [Users, Groups and Permissions in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRw0SKaXSfI)
  - [Managing Users, Groups &amp; Permissions in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm5iT-sAr3A)
---
Meetup 7: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Introduction to Linux Processes -- Part One

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment
- Ability to use shell commands

Course Objectives

- To help members understand linux processes and how to manage them

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 5: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [All You Need To Know About Processes in Linux](https://www.tecmint.com/linux-process-management/)
  - [Linux Process Management: Commands You Should Know](https://www.hostingadvice.com/blog/linux-process-management-commands-know/)
  - [Introduction to Linux Process Management](https://www.2000trainers.com/linux/linux-process-manage/)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Linux processes, init, fork/exec, ps, kill, fg, bg, jobs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJzltwv7jJs)
  - [Linux Process Management](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6IQ3nFZzWfp7tS-zcSw8mt04ROk0qLFN)
  - [Process Management in LINUX | Monitoring and Controlling Processes | Explained with Examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqv4xk6ihRE)
---
Meetup 8: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Introduction to Linux Processes -- Part Two

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment
- Ability to use shell commands

Course Objectives

- To help members understand linux processes and how to manage them

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - Chapter 5: UNIX® AND LINUX® SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION HANDBOOK
  - [All You Need To Know About Processes in Linux](https://www.tecmint.com/linux-process-management/)
  - [Linux Process Management: Commands You Should Know](https://www.hostingadvice.com/blog/linux-process-management-commands-know/)
  - [Introduction to Linux Process Management](https://www.2000trainers.com/linux/linux-process-manage/)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Linux processes, init, fork/exec, ps, kill, fg, bg, jobs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJzltwv7jJs)
  - [Linux Process Management](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6IQ3nFZzWfp7tS-zcSw8mt04ROk0qLFN)
  - [Process Management in LINUX | Monitoring and Controlling Processes | Explained with Examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqv4xk6ihRE)
---
Meetup 9: Course Information

Meetup Information

- **Date:** To be announced
- **Time:** To be announced
- **Location:** To be announced

Instructor Information

- **Instructor:** To be announced
- **Twitter Handle:** To be announced
- **E-mail:** To be announced

Course Description

- Learning VIM Basics

Prerequisites

- A Linux environment

Course Objectives

- To help members get comfortable with using text editors in GUI-less environments

Resources

- **●●**** Texts:**
  - [Vim 101: A Beginner&#39;s Guide to Vim](https://www.linux.com/tutorials/vim-101-beginners-guide-vim/)
  - [Basic Vim Commands Every Linux User Must Know](https://linuxhandbook.com/basic-vim-commands/)
  - [Getting started with Vim: The basics](https://opensource.com/article/19/3/getting-started-vim)
- **●●**** Videos**:
  - [Vim for Editing Files in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImK_dHPOTIE)
  - [Vim Editor Fundamentals](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XguBRi4TDNc)
  - [Intro to VIM / VI Editor with Basic Commands](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Shf_LRTNGh4)
